Add new examples for floating-js-api and the embedded component (#24)
unblu/visitor-js-api-example: floating-js-api/global/README.md

# Direct integration of bundled Floating JS API in the global window space

> This example shows how to integrate the Unblu Floating JS API into a website, loading the bundled file from the Unblu collaboration server (either cloud or on premises installation) and accessing the API via the global `window.unblu.api` space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to integrate the Unblu Floating JS API into a website, loading the bundled file from the Unblu Collaboration Server (either Unblu Cloud or an on-premises installation) and accessing the API via the global `window.unblu.api` space.
```

> For more information about the Unblu Floating JS API see its [documentation](https://www.unblu.com/en/docs/latest/reference/unblu-visitor-js-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the Unblu Floating JS API see its [documentation](https://www.unblu.com/en/docs/latest/reference/unblu-floating-js-api/).
```

## IDE integration

In order to benefit from IDE features like code completion (intellisense) and type checking, the example includes the APIs typedefs which may be found in the `typedefs` folder. This activates full IDE support for both VS Code and WebStorm.

> To make sure you have the latest version, copy the typedefs following the steps in the [global installation guide](https://www.unblu.com/en/docs/latest/reference/unblu-visitor-js-api/#global-scope).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure you have the latest version, copy the typedefs following the steps in the [global installation guide](https://www.unblu.com/en/docs/latest/reference/unblu-floating-js-api/#global-scope).
```

## Adapting the example to your environment
When looking into the [index.html](./index.html) several `<script>` tags can be found.

> In order to make this example work in your environment some changes have to be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to make some changes to make this example work in your environment.
```

> Depending on if you are using the Unblu cloud or an on premises installation chose your use case and follow the steps there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes vary depending on whether you're using the Unblu Cloud or an on-premises installation.
```

> ### Unblu cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unblu Cloud
```

> When running on the Unblu cloud replace the API Key `MZsy5sFESYqU7MawXZgR_w` with your API key which you can find under `Account Management Page -> API Keys`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the API Key `MZsy5sFESYqU7MawXZgR_w` with your API key.
You can find your API key under `Account Management Page -> API Keys`.
```

> ### On premises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On-premises
```

When running an on premises installation replace the `unblu.cloud` origin with the origin you are hosting Unblu from.

## Running the example
This example does not have to be built.
The files can simply be served with a static file server.

> To do so first install the dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, first install the dependencies:
```
